# 5/19 Admin Meeting

## Roundtable

* Joe (Oxygen Bot, custom features)
    * Target next week to have bot onboarded onto the dev environment
* Judy (YAGPDB, Github How To Use Discord)
* Tim (Stat Bot, National Expansion)
* Caroleen (Event Bot, Scoreboard Bot)
* Ashley (Kosmi.io)
* Phil (Dev Environment, Sponsorship)
    * Dev environment dependent on Budget paperwork, target next week
* Raymond (Osira, Pollmaster, Github Project)
    * Collect stats on membership, chapters, events, send to phil for sponsorship

## Other Items

* National Expansion
  * Still talking to members of their board about onboarding onto Discord
  * Tim to setup weekly meetings to followup
* Meeting reschedule to Monday @ 2PM
* Oxygen Meeting later today
  * Discord Feature set - Target event leads
  * Event success stories - Target new members
  * Organizational structure - Target committee leads
